
MY BOI 

Micheal Ray Stevenson[2] (born November 19, 1989), known by his stage name Tyga (a backronym for Thank You God Always),[3] is an American rapper from Gardena, California. In 2011, Tyga signed a recording contract with Young Money Entertainment, Cash Money Records and Republic Records (formerly Universal Republic Records). His major label debut Careless World: Rise of the Last King, includes the singles "Rack City", "Faded" featuring fellow Young Money artist Lil Wayne, "Far Away" featuring Chris Richardson, "Still Got It" featuring Drake, and "Make It Nasty". He released his third album Hotel California, on April 9, 2013, and includes the singles "Dope" featuring Rick Ross, "For The Road" featuring Chris Brown, and "Show You" featuring Future. His fourth studio album The Gold Album: 18th Dynasty, was released June 23, 2015, after several delays.

readme.txt

No Introduction, released on Decaydance Records on June 10, 2008, was Tyga's first independent album.[10] One of the songs from this album, "Diamond Life", was used in the video games Need for Speed: Undercover and Madden NFL 2009, as well as in the 2009 movie Fighting.

Tyga released many mixtapes. His 2007 debut mixtape, Young On Probation, garnered him enough attention to sign a record deal with Young Money Entertainment. He created Fan of a Fan with Chris Brown and producers DJ Ill Will and DJ Rockstar. It features other artists such as Bow Wow, Lil Wayne, and Kevin McCall featured in several tracks. Four tracks ("Holla at Me", "G Shit", "No Bullshit" and "Deuces") are also accompanied by music videos. The track "Deuces" was released as the debut single of the mixtape and reached #14 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 1 on the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs by August 26, 2010. The track has also been nominated for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration at the 53rd Grammy Awards.[11][12] The track, among others, was on the tracklist of Chris Brown's fourth studio album, F.A.M.E.. Tyga also told MTV in an interview that the mixtape's production took just short of a week.[13]

